xfce4-screenshooter: add page. (#2734)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/xfce4-screenshooter.md

# xfce4-screenshooter

> The XFCE4 screenshot tool.

- Launch the screenshooter GUI:

`xfce4-screenshooter`

> - Take a screenshot of the entire screen and launch the GUI to ask how to proceed:

Reviewer: How about?
```suggestion
- Take a screenshot of the entire screen and save it interactively:
```

Author: Hm, I wouldn't say "save it". The GUI offers various options apart from saving: copy to clipboard, discard it, upload to the web, etc.

Reviewer 2: I guess if you wanted to use that turn of phrase, you'd be after something like `process it` instead of save it. Personally, I think it's probably ok as-is (though perhaps `a GUI` would read slightly better?)

`xfce4-screenshooter --fullscreen`

- Take a screenshot of the entire screen and save it in the specified directory:

`xfce4-screenshooter --fullscreen --save {{path/to/directory}}`

> - Wait some time before taking the screenshot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wait for "s" seconds before taking the screenshot:
```

Author: Again, never saw this in any page and I feel like it is clear enough how I wrote it.

Reviewer 2: I'm unsure that this needs changing, @mfrw. If you wanted to change it, you could do something like this, for example:

```suggestion
- Wait a specified amount of time before taking the screenshot:
```

> `xfce4-screenshooter --delay {{seconds}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`xfce4-screenshooter --delay {{s}}`
```

Author: I've never seen `{{s}}`. I always saw `{{seconds}}`. Which I think is also what is suggested in the guidelines

> Try to incorporate the spelled-out version of single-letter options in the example's description. The goal is to allow people to understand the syntax of the commands, not just memorize it.

I think it applies to option values too.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, @mebeim - I think we always prefer verbosity here, @mfrw. To this end, I would value `seconds` over `s`.
